Update docs for host metadata field to address waste water (#1047)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/about/faq.mdx

Once the data is open, it also appears on INSDC-member databases.
</details>

<details>
<summary> <span class="faq">Can I contribute my wastewater sequencing data to Pathoplexus?</span> </summary>
Pathoplexus currently does not accept uploads of raw sequencing reads. However, you may submit consensus sequences derived from wastewater sequencing data.

> If you do, please enter the appropriate standardized term in the `environmentalMaterial` metadata field when submitting your data (e.g., waste water [ENVO:00002001]).

Reviewer: I think we should probably ask them to submit specifically `environmentalMaterial:waste water` to allow better filtering

Author: I rephrased it a bit, is it better now? Or did literally mean to say people should enter `environmentalMaterial:waste water` with that formatting specifically? We don't ask people to do that for other metadata fields where we point to an ontology

For some organisms on Pathoplexus, the `host` metadata field is required.

> Should the host organism for your wastewater sample be unknown, you may enter 'unidentified' in the `host` field.

Reviewer: I think this is typically `unknown` - so maybe this could be rephrased

Reviewer: we should add that we recommend submitting raw reads to the INSDC for waste water

Author: Alright I rephrased and mention INSDC for raw reads

> Since the host organism for wastewater samples is likely to be unknown, you may enter 'unidentified' in the `host` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do, please enter `waste water` (which corresponds to [ENVO:00002001]) in the `environmentalMaterial` metadata field when submitting your data.

For some organisms on Pathoplexus, the `host` metadata field is required. Since wastewater samples do not have a clearly defined host organism, please enter `undefined` in the `host` field for organisms where `host` is required.
```
